Generate compile_commands.json for clangd (#381)
BLAST-ImpactX/impactx: CMakeLists.txt

cmake_minimum_required(VERSION 3.20.0)
project(ImpactX VERSION 23.06)

# generate compile_commands.json

> set(CMAKE_EXPORT_COMPILE_COMMANDS ON)
> # and place it in the source directory https://stackoverflow.com/a/60910583
> add_custom_target(
>   copy-compile-commands ALL
>   ${CMAKE_COMMAND} -E copy_if_different
>   ${CMAKE_BINARY_DIR}/compile_commands.json ${CMAKE_CURRENT_LIST_DIR})

Reviewer: Let's only change this if we are the main project, so superbuilds are not affected
```suggestion
if(CMAKE_SOURCE_DIR STREQUAL PROJECT_SOURCE_DIR)
    set(CMAKE_EXPORT_COMPILE_COMMANDS ON)
    # and place it in the source directory https://stackoverflow.com/a/60910583
    add_custom_target(
      copy-compile-commands ALL
      ${CMAKE_COMMAND} -E copy_if_different
      ${CMAKE_BINARY_DIR}/compile_commands.json ${PROJECT_SOURCE_DIR})
endif()
```

Is placing this in the source directory best practice?

cmake_minimum_required(VERSION 3.20.0)
project(ImpactX VERSION 23.06)

# generate compile_commands.json
if(CMAKE_SOURCE_DIR STREQUAL PROJECT_SOURCE_DIR)
    set(CMAKE_EXPORT_COMPILE_COMMANDS ON)
    # and place it in the source directory https://stackoverflow.com/a/60910583
    add_custom_target(
      copy-compile-commands ALL
      ${CMAKE_COMMAND} -E copy_if_different

>       ${CMAKE_BINARY_DIR}/compile_commands.json ${PROJECT_SOURCE_DIR})

Reviewer: This has to be guarded for all [build generators](https://cmake.org/cmake/help/latest/manual/cmake-generators.7.html#cmake-generators) that are not GNUmake or Ninja:
https://cmake.org/cmake/help/latest/variable/CMAKE_EXPORT_COMPILE_COMMANDS.html

> Note
>
> This option is implemented only by [Makefile Generators](https://cmake.org/cmake/help/latest/manual/cmake-generators.7.html#makefile-generators) and [Ninja Generators](https://cmake.org/cmake/help/latest/manual/cmake-generators.7.html#ninja-generators). It is ignored on other generators.
>
> This option currently does not work well in combination with the [UNITY_BUILD](https://cmake.org/cmake/help/latest/prop_tgt/UNITY_BUILD.html#prop_tgt:UNITY_BUILD) target property or the [CMAKE_UNITY_BUILD](https://cmake.org/cmake/help/latest/variable/CMAKE_UNITY_BUILD.html#variable:CMAKE_UNITY_BUILD) variable.

Author: Added a guard to only generate `compile_commands.json` for `Unix Makefiles` and `Ninja` generators.
